
Elegant Systems.,

LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR ELEGANT SYSTEMS

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: This License Agreement is a legal agreement between you (either an individual person or a single legal entity, who will be referred to in this license agreement as "You") and vMonitor, Incorporated for the vMonitor software product that accompanies this license agreement, including any associated media, printed materials and electronic documentation (the "Software Product").  The Software Product also includes any software updates, add-on components, web services and/or supplements that vMonitor may provide to You or make available to You after the date You obtain Your initial copy of the Software Product to the extent that such items are not accompanied by a separate license agreement or terms of use.  By installing, copying, downloading, accessing or otherwise using the Software Product, You agree to be bound by the terms of this license agreement. If You do not agree to the terms of this license agreement, do not install, access or use the Software Product; instead, You should return it to Your place of purchase for a full refund.

SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE
The Software Product is protected by intellectual property laws and treaties. The Software Product is licensed, not sold.

1.   GRANT OF LICENSE.   
This Section of the license agreement describes Your general rights to install and use the Software Product The license rights described in this Section are subject to all other terms and conditions of this license agreement.
a.  General License Grant to Install and Use Software Product:  You may install and use one copy of the Software Product on a single computer, device, workstation, terminal, or other digital electronic or analog device ("Device"). You may make a second copy of the Software Product and install it on a portable Device for the exclusive use of the person who is the primary user of the first copy of the Software Product.  A license for the Software Product may not be shared.  
b.  Alternative License Grant for Storage/Network Use:  As an alternative to the rights granted in the previous section, You may install a copy of the Software Product on one storage Device, such as a network server, and allow individuals within Your business or enterprise to access and use the Software Product from other Devices over a private network, provided that You acquire and dedicate a license for the storage Device upon which the Software Product is installed and each separate Device from which the Software Product is accessed and used.  A license for the Software Product may not be used concurrently on different Devices.  
c. General License Grant to Install and Use Subscription Product:  The following licensing terms apply to You instead of the license grants in the previous two paragraphs if You licensed a subscription-based Software Product (a "Subscription Product").  You may install one copy of the Subscription Product on a single Device and use the Subscription Product for the term of your subscription.  You may also exercise the additional license rights described in the paragraphs below, but only for the term of your subscription.  The initial subscription period begins on the date you first activate your copy of the Subscription Product and ends three hundred and sixty five (365) days thereafter.  You cannot use the Subscription Product after Your subscription expires unless You renew or extend Your subscription.  By renewing or extending Your subscription, You will be entitled to continue using the Subscription Product for a specified period of time beyond the date when Your previous subscription would have otherwise ended.  All the terms and conditions of this license agreement will continue to apply to your use of the Subscription Product during any subsequent renewal periods unless otherwise specified. After the expiration of your subscription, you can continue to open, view and print any documents you created with the Subscription Product.  
d. Additional License Grant for Media Elements:  The Software Product may include certain photographs, clip art, animations, sounds, music and video clips (together "Media Elements"). If so, the following terms describe your rights to the Media Elements: 
* Except as specified in the next Section, You may use, copy and modify the Media Elements and distribute copies of the Media Elements, along with your modifications, as part of your software product(s) and service(s), including your web site(s). 
* You are not licensed to do any of the following:
* You may not sell, license or distribute copies of the Media Elements on a stand-alone basis or as part of any collection, product or service where the primary value of the product or service are the Media Elements.
* You may not use or distribute any of the Media Elements that include representations of identifiable individuals, governments, logos, initials, emblems, trademarks, or entities for any commercial purposes or to express or imply any endorsement or association with any product, service, entity, or activity.
* You may not create obscene or scandalous works, as defined by federal law at the time the work is created, using the Media Elements.
* You must indemnify, hold harmless, and defend vMonitor from and against any claims or lawsuits, including attorneys' fees, that arise from or result from the use or distribution of Media Elements as modified by You. 
* You must include a valid copyright notice on Your products and services that include copies of the Media Elements.
* You may not permit third parties to distribute copies of the Media Elements except as part of your product or service.
e. Reservation of Rights:  All rights not expressly granted are reserved by vMonitor, Incorporated.

2.   DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS. 
a. Mandatory Activation: You may not be able to exercise your rights to the Software Product under this license agreement after a finite number of product launches unless you activate Your copy of the Software Product in the manner described during the launch sequence.
b. Copy Protection:  The Software Product may include copy protection technology to prevent the unauthorized copying of the Software Product or may require original media for use of the Software Product on the Device.  It is illegal to make unauthorized copies of the Software Product or to circumvent any copy protection technology included in the Software Product. 
c.  Not for Resale Software:  If the Software Product is labeled "Not For Resale" or "NFR," then, notwithstanding other sections of this license agreement, Your use of the Software Product is limited to use for demonstration, test, or evaluation purposes and You may not resell, or otherwise transfer for value, the Software Product.
d. Limitations on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and Disassembly: You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software Product, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation. 
e. Separation of Component Parts: The Software Product is licensed as a single product. Its component parts may not be separated for use on more than one Device unless expressly permitted by this license agreement. 
f. Trademarks:  This license agreement does not grant You any rights in connection with any of the trademarks or service marks of Elegant System, Incorporated.
g. No rental, leasing or commercial hosting: You may not rent, lease, lend or provide commercial hosting services to third parties with the Software Product.  
h. Support Services:  Elegant System may provide You with support services related to the Software Product ("Support Services"). Any supplemental software code provided to You as part of the Support Services are considered part of the Software Product and subject to the terms and conditions of this license agreement. You acknowledge and agree that Elegant System may use technical information You provide to Elegant System as part of the Support Services for its business purposes, including for product support and development. Elegant System will not utilize such technical information in a form that personally identifies You. 
i. Software Transfer: Except as specified in this Section, the initial licensee of the Software Product may make a one-time permanent transfer of this license agreement and Software Product only directly to an end user.  This transfer must include all of the Software Product (including all component parts, the media and printed materials, any upgrades, and this license agreement.  Such transfer may not be by way of consignment or any other indirect transfer.  The transferee of such one-time transfer must agree to comply with the terms of this license agreement, including the obligation not to further transfer this license agreement and Software Product.  Subscription Products are non-transferable
j. Termination:  Without prejudice to any other rights, Elegant System may terminate this license agreement if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this license agreement. In such event, You must destroy all copies of the Software Product and all of its component parts. 

3.   UPGRADES. 
a. Standard Software Product:  If the Software Product is labeled as an upgrade, You must be properly licensed to use a product identified by Elegant System as being eligible for the upgrade in order to use the Software Product. A Software Product labeled as an upgrade replaces or supplements (and may disable) the product that formed the basis for Your eligibility for the upgrade. You may use the resulting upgraded product only in accordance with the terms of this license agreement. If the Software Product is an upgrade of a component of a package of software programs that You licensed as a single product, the Software Product may be used and transferred only as part of that single product package and may not be separated for use on more than one Device.
b. Subscription Based Software Product:  The following terms apply to you instead of the terms in the previous paragraph if you licensed a Subscription Product.  If Elegant System releases any upgrades or new versions of the Subscription Product during the term of your subscription, you will be entitled to receive a copy of such upgrade(s) or new version(s) at no additional cost, except for any applicable connection charges, taxes, duties and shipping costs if you select fulfillment by mail.  Such upgrades shall be considered part of the Subscription Product and subject to all of the terms and conditions of this license agreement unless otherwise indicated in any license agreement that accompanies such upgrade or new version.

4.   INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
All title and intellectual property rights in and to the Software Product (including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and "applets" incorporated into the Software Product), the accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the Software Product are owned by Elegant System. All of the title and intellectual property rights in and to the content that is not contained in the Software Product, but may be accessed through use of the Software Product, is the property of the respective content owners and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties.  This license agreement grants you no rights to use such content.  If this Software Product contains documentation that is provided only in electronic form, you may print one copy of such electronic documentation.  You may not copy the printed materials accompanying the Software Product.  

5.   BACKUP COPY.  
After installation of one copy of the Software Product pursuant to this license agreement, you may keep the original media on which the Software Product was provided by Elegant System solely for backup or archival purposes. If the original media is required to use the Software Product on the Device, you may make one copy of the Software Product solely for backup or archival purposes. Except as expressly provided in this license agreement, you may not otherwise make copies of the Software Product or the printed materials accompanying the Software Product.

6.   U.S. GOVERNMENT LICENSE RIGHTS.  
All Software Product provided to the U.S. Government pursuant to solicitations issued on or after December 1, 1995 is provided with the commercial license rights and restrictions described elsewhere herein.  All Software Product provided to the U.S. Government pursuant to solicitations issued prior to December 1, 1995 is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS as provided for in FAR, 48 CFR 52.227-14 (JUNE 1987) or DFAR, 48 CFR 252.227-7013 (OCT 1988), as applicable. 

7.   EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  
You acknowledge that the Software Product is of U.S. origin.  You agree to comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to the Software Product, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, as well as end-user, end-use and destination restrictions issued by U.S. and other governments.  

8.   APPLICABLE LAW.
If you acquired this Software Product in the United States, this license agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Washington.  If you acquired this Software Product in Canada, unless expressly prohibited by local law, this license agreement is governed by the laws in force in the Province of Ontario, Canada; and, in respect of any dispute which may arise hereunder; you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and provincial courts sitting in Toronto, Ontario.  If this Software Product was acquired outside the United States, then local law may apply.  Should you have any questions concerning this license agreement, or if you desire to contact Elegant System for any reason, please contact Elegant System by writing to Elegant System, Incorporated/10000 Old Katy Road, Suite 100B/Houston, Texas 77055.

9.   LIMITED WARRANTY.  
LIMITED WARRANTY FOR SOFTWARE PRODUCTS ACQUIRED IN THE US.  Elegant System, Incorporated warrants that the Software Product will perform substantially in accordance with the accompanying materials for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of receipt. 

If an implied warranty or condition is created by your state/jurisdiction and federal or state/provincial law prohibits disclaimer of it, you also have an implied warranty or condition, but only as to defects discovered during the period of this limited warranty (90 days).  As to any defects discovered after the ninety (90) day period, there is no warranty of condition of any kind.  Some states/jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty or condition lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.

Any supplements or updates to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, including without limitation, any (if any) service packs or hot fixes provided to you after the expiration of the ninety (90) day Limited Warranty period are not covered by any warranty or condition, express, implied or statutory.

LIMITATION ON REMEDIES; NO CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES.  Your exclusive remedy for any breach of this Limited Warranty is as set forth below.  Except for any refund elected by Elegant System, You are not entitled to any damages, including but not limited to consequential damages, if the Software Product does not meet Elegant System's Limited Warranty, and, to the maximum extent allowed by applicable law, even if any remedy fails of its essential purpose.  The terms of Section 11 below ("Exclusion of Incidental, Consequential and Certain Other Damages") are also incorporated into this Limited Warranty.  Some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.  This Limited Warranty gives you specific legal rights.  You may have others which vary from state/jurisdiction to state/jurisdiction.

YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY.  Elegant System's entire liability and your exclusive remedy shall be, at Elegant System's option from time to time exercised subject to applicable law, (a) return of the price paid (if any) for the Software Product, or (b) repair or replacement of the Software Product, that does not meet this Limited Warranty and that is returned to Elegant System with a copy of your receipt.  You will receive the remedy elected by Elegant System without charge, except that you are responsible for any expenses you may incur (e.g. cost of shipping the Software Product to Elegant System).  This Limited Warranty is void if failure of the Software Product has resulted from accident, abuse, misapplication, abnormal use or a virus.  Any replacement Software Product will be warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer.  Outside the United States, neither these remedies nor any product support services offered by Elegant System are available without proof of purchase from an authorized international source.  To exercise your remedy, contact:  Elegant System, Incorporated/10000 Old Katy Road, Suite 100B/Houston, Texas 77055.

10.   DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.  
The limited warranty that appears above is the only express warranty made to You and is provided in lieu of any other express warranties (if any) created by any documentation or packaging.  Except for the limited warranty and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Elegant System provides the Software and Support Services (if any) as is and with all faults, and hereby disclaim all other warranties and conditions, either express, implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, any (if any) implied warranties, duties or conditions of merchantability, of fitness for a particular purpose, of accuracy or completeness or responses, of results, of workmanlike effort, of lack of viruses and of lack of negligence, all with regard to the Software, and the provision of or failure to provide support services.  Also, there is no warranty or condition of title, quiet enjoyment, quiet possession, correspondent to description or non-infringement with regard to the Software.

11.   EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES.  
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Elegant System be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits or confidential or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, for loss of privacy, for failure to meet any duty including of Good Faith or of reasonable care, for negligence, and for any other pecuniary or other loss whatsoever) arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Software Product, the provision of or failure to provide Support Services, or otherwise under or in connection with any provision of this license agreement,  even in the event of the fault, Tort (including negligence), strict liability, breach of contract or breach of warranty of Elegant System, and even if Elegant System has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  

12.   LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES.  
Notwithstanding any damages that you might incur for any reason whatsoever (including, without limitation, all damages referenced above and all direct or general damages), the entire liability of Elegant System under any provision of this license agreement and your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing (except for any remedy of repair or replacement elected by Elegant System with respect to any breach of the limited warranty) shall be limited to the greater of the amount actually paid by You for the Software or U.S. $5.00.  The foregoing limitations, exclusions and disclaimers (including sections 7, 8 and 9 above) shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, even if any remedy fails it essential purpose. 

13. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  
This license agreement (including any addendum or amendment to this license agreement which is included with the Software Product) is the entire agreement between You and Elegant System relating to the Software Product and the support services (if any) and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals and representations with respect to the Software Product or any other subject matter covered by this license agreement.  To the extent the terms of any Elegant System policies or programs for support services conflict with the terms of this license agreement, the terms of this license agreement shall control.